That's your pitch. I'm a very straightforward. Lucky you. That is exactly my time.
Oh no, I've got it. Mom, what are you doing here? It's always so good to see you, too.
How's work?
Same boss, still great. I had more time off though. And have you decided I'm the name of the baby?
Yeah, actually
It's Emma.
You can't name her that.
Emma's your sister's name. That's exactly why I like it.
I know she's not around anymore, but I figure that she would appreciate that I named our baby daughter after her.
No, that was your grandma's gift for her and her only.
I mean, your father and sister have been gone for decades.
Let's just let them stay in our memory and not try to replace mom.
This is my house. I
Can't have you come in here and try to disrespect that. Sure. You'll get your respect when your daughter is old enough to talk, son.
I can't imagine how dad didn't get driven crazy by you.
Don't you ever talk about me and your father like that?
I'm a grown man. I have a family now. You can't just drop by and tell me what to do. You clearly need the help.
Not from an overbearing, old, sad, crazy woman like you.